---
layout: post
title:  "Read me"
page.date:   2015-11-07 00:04:49
page.categories: blogg

page.url: 2015-11-07-ReadMe.html
page.id: 2015-11-06-ReadMe
page.categories: ['work', 'code']

---

Dear CS student or CS instructor who happens to read this, you might not have
had the time to delve into studies of world history and reflect on what kind of forces that are ruling this world.
If you read my cynical lines about "the rulers of this world is most likely trying to poison you
and your loved ones at this very moment" and you shook your head in disbelief, this is for you....

<br>
Let's start with the basic stuff, about money creation, that will shock you to the core, that is, if you have half a brains left.<br>
Then, if you're still with me, I will take you down the rabbit hole and back, you will see things that you've never seen before and <br>
hear things you've never heard before, so buckle up! You're in for a rough ride and you will be visiting some really nasty places... <br>
<br>
<code>i.</code> Did you know that private banks create money out of nothing?
The bankers and the media they control, tell you that when you borrow money from a bank, <br>
the bank has to have that sum of money, or else they have to borrow it from someone else, be that the central bank or made availible to them
from customers inlending, to be able to lend you the sum of money in question.<br>
This is how the interest rate is legitimized, and this is also how taking your assets is legitimized, if you cannot repay your loan.<br>
<br>
I've got news for you fellow code monkey:<br>
Banks create money out of thin air, and they therefore don't need to have money to lend out money!<br>
You don't believe me?<br>
Of course you dont, because nobody ever told you this! <br>
To the contrary, you have been told the exact opposite!!! <br>
But [is a former IMF-banker a good enough reference for you?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCyQUkPizIY)<br>
There is a whole movement in England, about this now, [Positive Money](http://positivemoney.org/), which has also 
reached [Sweden](http://positivapengar.weebly.com/)
There are recently surrected Swedish Facebook groups which discuss, and try to enlighten the public about the grande
deception that has been going on for so many years!You have at least a couple of them, for instance 
the ["Network against the banks creating money out of thin air"](https://www.facebook.com/groups/125728355385/?fref=ts)<br>
How has mainstream traitor media with their presstitute journalists referred to them, do you think?
As "the controversial bankreform movement", of course this is how the rulers deal with stupid sheeple, this is how you fuck up peoples brains! <br>
Of course the spokesman Carl Norberg, must then in the same sentence be referred to as "holocaust denier" and "antisemite", sure this is expected. <br>

<br>
Maybe not enough convincing info about Banks and money creation out of nothing, for you yet? <br>
 Not enough for your, from mainstream media (MSM) conditioned brain, that is... <br>
Still don't realizing that the picture of reality as painted by MSM, is a false picture, is full of lies? Conscious lies or in conscious, doesn't matter.<br>
There are, you can tell as result of logical deduction, people in high places who know the truth, have the might to inform us people,<br>
but have decide that they will not do it.
<br>
How about [professor Richard Werner](http://www.southampton.ac.uk/risk/about/staff/werner.page), professor of banking at the University of Southampton? <br>
Might a professor of banking credentials, be enough for you? (Hmm, I wouldn't bet on it, research [cognitive dissonance](http://www.simplypsychology.org/cognitive-dissonance.html))<br>
Anyway, [here you go](http://www.the-free-lunch.com/videos/video06.html)<br>
As soon as I found out about this money creation out of thin air, I contacted the head of the Swedish National Central Bank, Mr. Stefan
Ingves, to verify, whether Swedish banks are involved in creating, money out of nothing here in Sweden. <br>
He answered very technically, and it was not possible for me to understand what he was talking about, <br>
so I mailed him again and I recieved the same sort of uncomprehending answers, so I mailed him for the third time again, <br>
I explaining that I did not understand, and made statements to see if he would correct them <br>
He continued his gibberish, but he did not express anything in objection to my statments <br>
I then met people on the internet such as former M/S Estonia victims families lawyer [Mr. Henning Witte](http://whitetv.se/en/white-school-of-economics.html),
who had also contacted Ingves, and we compared our answers, and indeed, what the head of the Riksbank was telling us,
is that the security you provide for a "loan" is used as an asset for the moneycreation process to take place, the creation of credit.
In palin English, you want to get a loan, the banks asks for an assurance, you put the ownership papers of your house on the table, and
then the bank is willing to type the numbers on their computer and create the money they will "lend" you. And if you cannot pay back, your house,
something that has real value, is theirs.<br>
Do you see what this is? <br>
 This is a lethal declaration of war on, we the people, by the elite, who ever they are. This is something that should get you killed,
if you participate in. <br>
This is war, this is lethal warfare against we the people. <br>
Do I have to remind the reader, that people die, because there is not enough nurses and doctors sometimes at the hospitals, because the state can't afford it,
since they cannot take more "loans" from banks which create the money out of thin air...<br>
There is no doubt, that people have died in our hospitals, du to lack of attention, because of too few people doing too much things.<br>
[8 people die every day in our hospitalsm because of misstakes!](http://www.metro.se/halsa/varje-dag-dor-8-av-vardens-misstag/EVHlaq!QZocKM4F6AO2o/)<br>
Or will you propose the explanation, that more money into health care, wouldn't eliminate at least ONE, of these deaths? <br>
One of these deaths was my father, do you think I will forgive and  let go?      <br>
<br>
To the people, who do this scam, if we the people, were organized and informed, we the people, would as one man hunt you down <br>
and kill you in under 24 hours. This is real. <br>
<br>
If you are a politician, and you know how money is created, and you insist on that the state should take loans form banks, <br>
instead of the state creating the money by its people owned central bank, and you then insist on a budget, rationing the healthcare,<br>
then you are a murderer, you need to be caught by a peoples militia, and condemned to death, by a peoples court. <br>
<br>

I was still in doubt, though, maybe we misunderstood something, I thought: <br>

>"wouldn't some journalist have shouted out this from the rooftops?<br>
>Can the scam be that immense?<br>
>Wouldn't at least the green and the red party, go absolutely berserk if they found out about this? Something is not, correct here,<br>
>Maybe there is a 1 in a million chance that we got it wrong, that'we misunderstood Mr. Ingves. <br>
>Can such a big deception go on for so many years, the thousands of times that one have heared about the Riksbank lending out<br>
>to the banks at the prime rate(repo), years after years after years. <br>
 >It is simple not possible for such a big scam to take place, I thought. <br>
 >People cannot keep secrets, I thought, somebody would have informed the public, I thought. <br>
>It cannot just be cannot be the case that banks are allowed to create money out of thin air, <br>
>and that then you are required to pay them interest rates, and if you can't repay their joke, they can take everything from you <br>
>It cannot just be true, it cannot be possible, it is not the middle ages, we are enlightened <br>
>we have made progress, we are better human beings than before <br>
>we are humanists, we are all good people, we have an understanding of history, we are all educated people, we are, we are .... <br>
>Isn't there at least a 1 in a million chance that I've misunderstood it, isn't there this possibility?" <br>
>I've taken bank loans, I thought, to myself, I've tried to negotiate a lowering down of the interest rate.<br>
>Didn't the bank clerk explain thoroughly that this loan of mine <br>
>was loaned up/purchased by the Bank in the market, and didn't he say that they expect a certain return of their SPENDING,  <br>
>Didn't I hear all this?...." <br>

So I didn't settle down, I continued my research, I found the video clips from the free lunch dot com -website, that I linked to above,<br>
 and saw professor Werner, I saw the videoclips again and again were he says that banks create money out of thin air, <br>
 so I decided to mail him and call him to ask him about the Swedish System. <br>
He knew a lot about the Sweden, in fact he was an invited speaker for the opposition to Sweden enlisting to EMU, he was invited, to work as
a lobbyist aginst it, and did just that. <br>
I aslo found out that one of his books is availible in Swedish "The princes of Yen", <br>
 which the professor wrote after his consultancy at the Japanese central bank. <br>
 
 The professor explained to me that all banks work the same way, that they are creating electronic money out of thin air.
 I asked him if he could come to Sweden to the Swedish Parliament,I would fund his trip,and find the people inside the parties, who can plan a <br>
  workshop/lectiure series to be delivered by him to interested MP:s <br>
 He thought it was an excellent idea, he wouldn't have any problem doing precisely that. <br>
 I also asked him that  if I would be that lucky that I could find audience at the government level, will you talk to the finance minister as a representative <br>
 for the group of people that will fund your tour, he anwered that he would be delighted to tutor the finance minister in higher economics as well.<br>
 I also contacted documentary filmmaker Bill Still who has done award winning films <br>
 [about banks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qs1V333mE7A) and [money](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBqYTgFhkcs), if he would do the same, <br>
 that is come to Sweden,everything paid for for everything, and together with the professor and the planners at site, come up with a 1 week program,
  directed soley to the Swedish Parliament.<br>
 He was excited! <br>

I contacted all the Swedish memebers of Parliament to inform them about that Swedish banks creating money out of nothing and that it must stop because people
wouldn't agree on this practise if they found out, and
that I would like to  raise funds to bring the professor to the Swedish Parliament, <br>
 together with renowned international documentary filmmaker <br>
Mr. Billl Still, to make them available to you, only, to hold a workshop for you Parlamentrians, after your particular wishes and needs,<br>
during 1 week of your choice, at the Swedish Parliament or some other place of your choice. <br>
You will have Mr.Bill Still and professor Werner availible for yourselves, all I request is a contact/planning group that will do the planning of the event,
together with professor Werner and Mr. Bill Still, and I would provide funding for the event immediately. <br>
<br>
 Do you think, anybody returned my e-mail? <br>
 Well one, did, a party member of the Moderaterna party, Mr. Jan Ericsson, more about him further down. <br>
 To conclude, I was ready put up all money that I had, and don't had, to bring Mr. Bill Still and the professor here. <br>
I was ready to put up all money, even by myself, taking all that I have in the bank, selling what ever necessary, taking loans from whomever <br>
would might lend it to me, just to finance this event. <br>
Mr. Ericsson answered among other things that I will mention below, he said that the reason nobody has returned you an answer, <br>
is that nobody has the time for such an event, that the parliamentarians have no time for a one week workshop/lecture series given by <br>
Mr. Bill Still and professor Werner, at the Swedish Parliament building.<br>
The professor wanted to come, Mr. Bill Still wanted to come, he said it was perfect timing for him because at that period, he would
meet with memebers of the Parliament of Iceland, so he would be in the neighbourhood, so to speak. <br>
<br>
Still in disbelief? Still in doubt about money creation out of thin air and the sorry state of our governors? <br>
The head of the Swedish central bank Stefan Ingves, answers on e-mail,
and you can mail him and ask him if banks create money out of nothing, I've asked him, and he answered me, do mail him,<br>
or you can read what he has said by himself, a bank needs 2800SEK to create 1 million SEK. <br>
[here](http://www.riksbank.se/sv/Press-och-publicerat/Tal/2009/Ingves-Finansiell-stabilitet--vart-ar-vi-pa-vag/) <br>
<br>
You can also read several books about it, but you'll never find them as recommended reading on a government book list.<br>
You see, governments want to take loans from banks that create it out of thin air, so that we all become slaves under debt,<br>
it is not incompetence, no, it is pure evil intent. <br>
It is all there, hidden from you in plain daylight, right in front of [you](http://ellenbrown.com/)
There are award winning documentary films about it, I am going to link to Mr. Bill Still again <br>
[The secrets of Oz](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZN2M3qQlMXI) <br>
[The Money Masters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBqYTgFhkcs)<br>
[Jekyll Island - The truth behind the Federal Reserve](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLhTOOBNJXU)
From a Candaina guy [Oh Canada movie - Our bought and sold out land](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbACCGf6q-c)

<br>
There are university courses about it, that tell pretty much most of the truths about the system, 
it is called fractional reserve banking, there are even more scientific terms used
such as "money multiplier", students that I've talked who have taken the classes  don't understand that it is about<br>
money creation out of thin air, though...<br>
I've met one former student of National Economics, that showed a complete understanding about money creation out of thin air,<br>
he is my bank contact at Swedbank.<br>
His predecessor though, went into loud objections when I showed her the clip with IMF-banker Michael Kumhof. <br>
"It can't be that way, we have been taught otherwise, that our bank always need to "purchase" the loan, i.e.
find funding for each loan before granting one"<br>
It was confusion and a little of despair in her voice, she redirected me to her boss, whom I e-mailed, <br>
 who until now still has not returned my request of clarification about the procedures of Swedbank. <br>
He most likely won't answer, it has gone some 2 or 3  years since I requested his correspondence. <br>
If you want info about how money creation is done to the last book-keeping detail, I think this is the book to go to <br>
["Credit engineering for bankers"](http://www.amazon.com/Credit-Engineering-Bankers-Second-Edition/dp/0123785855).<br
Yes, you read it correct credit <code>E N G I N E E R I N G </code>
Members of Parliament would never admit it though, that banks create money out of nothing, well that is not really the 
truth...<br>

Parlamentarian Jan Ericsson, responded to my mail as I decribed above, that there is no conspiracy, that the people of Sweden, <br>
know that banks create money, and if they don't know, that doesn't equate the fact to that there is a conspircay towards the people.<br>
I answered people don't know, and that there is a democracy problem, because democracy demands an enlighten citizen <br>
if, people don't know how such fundamental things as money work, then tere is a problem.<br>
He said that the system work this way, and there would be no credit available to build infrastructure, everything would just stop, it does not<br>
work to have the state control the amount of available money. <br>

I thought that I could appeal to his ego, tried to flatter him by saying that<br>
"Hey you could do it", that we the people ought to make him the governor of the central bank, and that he and his staff, would do the job, <br>
 and control the amount of money allowed in circulation <br>
That the state would be the only entity allowed to create  money out of thin air, the state would be the only enitity deciding how many SEK  <br>
are allowed to be in circulation.<br>
He was flattered, but he insisted that private banks must be able to create electronic money for the economic system to work.<br>
I countered him saying, that private banks should really be required to loan every SEK from the Riksbanken, if they want lend out money that they don't have, <br>
they really should have to borrow it from someone, not create it, I said <br>
 No more money creation out of thin air, a 100% "fractional reserve".<br>
 He wouldn't agree with me, he responded even with more emphasis that, That wouldn't work, that private banks must be allowed <br>
 to create electronic money (called credit in banker terms), else there would be no money for financing construction of bridges etc.
 he repeated <br>
 I countered by referring to professor of banking Mr. Richard Werner, he returned that by calling profeeor Werner a professor on the fringe,
 and that there are many professors on the fringe, it doesn't mean anything.
 He said this is the way the financial system works, have been working for years, and it is nothing that can be changed.
 There ended our correspondence.
 Judge the level of my surprise, when I three year later, was seeing a video clip, where Mr. Ericsson, was faced with the emerging 
 "Preserve our cash" movement, where activist [Carl Norberg](https://carlnorberg.wordpress.com/)
 who of course must be slandered as an antisemite, how else would the rulers, convince the sheeple not to look into that particular direction,
 was pressuring Mr. Ericsson on why banks are allowed to create money out of thin air... <br>
Parlamentarian Jan Ericsson denied everything in front of a camera, there is no such thing as money creation out of thin air, <br>
He said that bank's NEVER create money, that they always loan money themselves, to be able to lend out money. <br>
He looked very upset and seemed surprised that people would come up with such a stupid misconception, the idea that banks create money.<br>
Very, very convincing acting, he shamed Hollywood actors. My God he gave a convincing performance... <br>
I thought to myself, is this really the same guy? Could it really be....Jesus,I said, to my self, when will I stop be so naive....<br>
When will I stop belive that the governors of this world are soley a bunch of good people, who are pursuing nothing but the best for me <br>
and other citizens? Why am I so surprised that he is such an excellent liar? When, when, will I learn?   <br>
Well I have the private e-mail correspondance with him, where he says the complete opposite, that this  banks-create-money-system, <br>
is the only possible system.<br>
<br>
So politicians and main stream media continue to lie about the prime rate (repo in Swedish), which has no importance at all,<br>
 since the banks literally don't need to have money, to create money, and is all smoke and mirrors. What is referred to as BASELIII, is
 just a recommendations, that a bank ought have as fractional reserves of 3-4 % of the amout they are creating, <br>
 that translates in plain english, that a bank should have 3SEK, to create 100SEK. <br>
The term "smoke and mirrors" is the exactly term that professor of banking Richard Werner at University of Southampton uses in
the linked [videoclips](http://www.the-free-lunch.com/videos/index.html), when describing the money creation process. <br>
He says in one of the clips, that he conducted a gallup, where he asked unknowing british citizens if they would accept a banking system looking like
A, B or C, it turned out that no British citizens would never accept the system that is at hand, and why does it manage to still be there?
He responds "smoke and mirrors"
But again, who is he, and what does he know? <br>
I mean he is "only" a [professor of banking at Univerity of Southampton](http://www.southampton.ac.uk/risk/about/staff/werner.page),
 has "only" written several books on money creation, and was "only"hired as a consultant to the Japanese central bank, <br>
 so you would most probably know better than him, right? <br>
 It is not smoke and mirrors, like he says, right? Because TV4 or SVT would have told you so right? <br>
 He doesn't have what you have, right? You have Swedish TV, and Swedish journalists NEVER lie, right? <br>
 And if it was all smoke and mirrors, wouldn't the government have informed you about that to protect you, correct? <br>
 I mean they are giving you advice of how many slice of bread you should eat,and which vaccines to take, surley they would inform
 you that worldbankers are scamming the freaking daylight out of you, right? <br>
 <br>
It is a huge conspiracy against the people, if people knew, there would be riots and bloodletting.<br>
Such is the tension in the fabric of this society, the deception propagated by the rulers is mind blowing, the instability<br>
of this system we live under is consequently on the edge of total collapse.<br>
It shouldn't be needed to explain more, you should be able to deduce all reactions from the action of a government propagated lie,
if you are a skilled computer scientist, that is.<br>
You should be able to extrapolate this information, including more countries in your analysis, under the same system,
 where governments borrow from world bankers, and deduce that there must be a powerful enity at the top, <br>
 at the top of the pyramid if you like, <br>
  which makes some sort of coordination effort between central banks and private banks, an entity that drives the agenda<br>
and draws the lines of the game, plans the game, owns media, security agencies and people who can enforce the game, and have the money
to buy up people with at least 9 figure numbers of euro or dollars, and have the force to kill people who cannot be bought.
There must be a central bankers bank, were the true rulers of this world reside, the people who own banks that own banks that own banks.
Funny thing, president John F. Kennedy talked about this entities and he was he was murdered, wonder [why...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdMbmdFOvTs)
Read what Bill Clintons mentor professor Carrol Quigley, Georgetown university writes in his book ["Tradgedy and Hope"](http://www.carrollquigley.net/pdf/Tragedy_and_Hope.pdf)

>"The powers of financial capitalism had another far reaching aim, nothing less than to create a world system of financial
>control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole.
>This system was to be controlled in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world acting in concert, by secret
>agreements, arrived at in frequent private meetings and conferences. The apex of the system was the Bank for International Settlements
>in Basle, Switzerland, a private bank owned and controlled by the worlds' central banks which were themselves private corporations.
>The growth of financial capitalism made possible a centralization of world economic control and use of this power for the direct
>benefit of financiers and the indirect injury of all other economic groups."
>

 If you only have half a brains and only some rudimentary knowledge in physics, you should be able to understand <br>
that this is an unstable process which can blow any minute, it is not a matter of if, you should rather ask when will it blow. <br>
If you've checked my links, and still don't see the severity of the situation at hand, what should I say to you? 
Should I ask you if you are insane? <br>
Should I tell you to go back to sleep, or should I beg you for your childrens sake to continue reading? <br>
Perhaps, you will wise up and save yourself and your loved ones. How? Keep on reading then, stupid brother/sister.

If you're a sharp computer scientist, as I said, you do not need to read any further, you are probably already running for cover,
because you have the brains to add things up, you've already stopped reading to pack your bags,
transferred your millions to buy real estate far away from civilization.
If you're not smart, then you are poor like me, and you'll somehow be led to the slaughter, together with me.
I shouldn't need to spell this out for you, if you're a computer scientist trained in logic thinking. But if your still here reading, you're
in a very sad state, so keep on reading, I will layout the text for you since you apparently cannot deduce it by yourself.<br>
<br>
If "they" can pull off a lie of this magnitude, they can do anything to you, only a people with no regard to the sanctity of human life, <br>
 can pull off a lie this big, nothing is therefore safe.Since banks create money out of thin air, and you haven't been told,
 nothing is what you see, nothing is to be trusted, when coming from the mouth of a government employee or the mainstream media (MSM). <br>
If MSM says A to you, you'd better believe that it is the opposite way around, if you have any sense of self preservation reading this far.<br>
You shouldn't really need more info than this, to be scared shitless: <br>

>Banks create money out of thin air, the elite knows it, and nobody is explaining it to the people <br>
>["Everyday 8 persons die in the hospitals by misstakes"](http://www.metro.se/halsa/varje-dag-dor-8-av-vardens-misstag/EVHlaq!QZocKM4F6AO2o/)<br>

Are you that stupid that you don't understand that these deaths would be eliminated, if the state employed enough
doctors and nurses? <br>
Don't you understand by now, that the people who govern you regard your life as NOTHING of value? <br>
Do you understand that people in this country die, because there is a so called "crisis" and they say that they have no money to put into healthcare?<br>
Well it is partly true, they want to pay interests to worldbankers, not oversee that your parents and your children receive adequate care!<br>
How would that look, if your parents were alllowed to live until they died a natural death? <br>
There must be misstakes in the healthcare sector, to keep down the population, is the cold inhuman logic, the rulers subscribe to.<br>
The economical problems of this country of and of all countries, would be solved if bankers were not allowed to create money out of thin air,
and lend it back to states and people at interest!<br>
Have you by now figured out that we live in a constructed reality, were bankers and central bankers rule this earth by their puppets <br>
in our governments? That there is no right and left party, 
there is only one hidden hand that controls both sides, and the only thing the puppeteers ask
from their puppets is to continue borrowing money from them, which they create out of thin air, and lend it back at an interest rate.<br>
Do you get it, can you add it up,or are you that dum, so that you cannot figure out the rest? Here you go then: <br>
Do you think that some young and proud men in Sweden, will sit like ducks, when they withdraw cash-money? They will kill them. <br>
They will hunt key individuals, and kill them one by one. <br> 
If they are lucky, we will have a peoples court before it happens, and they can make their plea to ordinary people, without testosterone up their ears,
 who usally if not always have a big heart and will just punish lightly, but if there is no people court, they will be hunted down and killed.
 How do you think, that the puppetmasters are going to react? Just sit on their hands and do nothing? Do you think that the people
  John F. Kennedy was speaking about, the rulers of this earth, who own secret services of whole countries, who reached this far, would stand down
 doing nothing when some young heroes cull their people?
 They will most likely do such a broad spectrum attack, that you haven't seen anything similar, to stop other countries following, germ warfare, terrorism, dirty nukes,
 tsunami bombs, earthquakes, media warfare, they will fuckin kill us all, just to direct the attention to something else. 
 They will fuckin burn this earth, kill hundreds of millions of people, ONLY so that they can regroup and go back to business as usual. <br>
 You have less value, than an insect.<br>[You don't have human status!](hhtp://archive.is/Xhnn)<br>
Wake up to the nightmare! And if you can: Run! Run, run away!

<code>ii.</code> Did you know that USA, Israel, Turkey and Saudi Arabia, created ISIS, and is still supporting ISIS?
Here you can see retired four star general Wesley Clarke, assigning the creation of ISIS to the allies of US [implying Israel.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHLqaSZPe98)

Here you can see an american Apache helicopter [escorting ISIS into Syria.](http://www.veteranstoday.com/2015/11/14/us-apache-helicopter-herding-isis-toyotas/)
Listen to this if you want to find out who American veterans, think who the rulers of this world are:
Ever heard about the [Khazarian Mafia and Rotschild?](http://www.veteranstoday.com/2015/11/13/short-end-of-the-stick-mike-harris-interviewed-on-galactic-connection-radio/)

US helicopters carrying weapons to ISIS, shot down by [Iraqi military](http://beforeitsnews.com/alternative/2015/03/us-helicopters-caught-supplying-isis-shot-down-by-iranian-backed-iraqi-military-3116236.html)

Iraqi military shoots down two british airplanes who were dumping weapons to [ISIS](http://english.farsnews.com/newstext.aspx?nn=13931204001534)

Israeli flagofficer caught as [ISIS commander](http://www.veteranstoday.com/2015/10/21/breaking-story-israeli-general-captured-in-iraq-confesses-to-israel-isis-coalition/)

<code>iii.</code> Did you know that the laws of physics does not allow a 48 storey building that is burning on it rear side,
 suddenly to collpase and after 2 seconds reach free fall acceleration, and fall into its footprint in [less than 7 seconds?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAqqZSQRoC0)
Did you know that Danish professor of chemistry [Niels Harrit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6kJ4EpmMw0), detected nano-thermite in the cement dust from9/11?<br>
He expressed that WTC7, was the eyeopener, that led to further investigation. Ever hear of him? Don't think so he is a "conspiracy theorists"
that is so that you dumb people, are distracted not to look at a certain direction, works always on you sheeple! Ha! <br>
Another bulletproof slandering strategy to control you sheeple, is to accuse somebody of being an "antisemite" for you.  <br>
Wow, that's when the real effective brainconditioning comes into play.<br> Years of [holohoax](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=holohoax) programming kicks in. <br>
Playing that card on you, gives a more certain response, than the likelihood of hearing the word Amen in Church! <br>
God damn! If mainstream media slanders somebody with being an "antisemite", you want to the very least lock him up and throw away the key, without
even checking on facts! Legendary peace professor Johan Galtung, told the truth htat Jews own 96% of the media in the US, and that it was
unhealty that an group with strong triabal identity holds so much power, for that he was slandered as an "antisemite" and is 
refused entrance to Switzerland! <br>
Did you know that former Italian president [Fransisco Cossiga](http://www.americanfreepress.net/html/9-11_solved118.html), has said that every government secret agency in the world knows
that the Israelis and the Americans did 9/11 themselves?<br>
How would you know? Zionist Jews own the [Bonnier Group](http://www.bonnier.com/companies-brands/)
And [Stampen](http://www.stampen.com/varumarken/) is controlled by other zionist Jews, the Hjorne Family.
The job openings for journalists outside the Jewish influence are in reality infinitesimal, there can therefore never be no real critisiscm,
that leads to sanctions on Israhell.<br>
Did you know that honorary supreme court Judge of Italy [Ferdinand Imposimato](http://www1.ae911truth.org/home/680-italian-supreme-court-president-calls-for-new-911-investigation-at-icc.html), also belives that the Americans did 9/11 themselves?
He has experience investigating Brigado Rosso coupling to NATO stay-behind networks, also investigated by professor [Daniele Ganser](http://themindrenewed.com/interviews/2015/600-int-70)
Did you know that former Minister of Defence of Germany [Andreas von Bulow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMA-leKsxg8), also concludes that it was a terror act conducted
by US government personnel?
Did you know that secretary of Transportation [Norman Mineta](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDfdOwt2v3Y) testified that vice president Cheney refused to shoot down
the incoming missile that was heading towards Pentagon? Yes, a missile fired from an Israeli Dolphin class U-boat, outside
Washington at the day of 9/11 according to the experts at [Veterans today.](http://www.veteranstoday.com/2012/06/04/germany-mounts-soviet-nuke-cruise-missiles-on-subs-for-israel/)


How come everyone who doesn't believe the fairytale about 18 arab terrorists, is rediculed by mainstream media as
 "conspiracy theorists"? Do you think that these journalsits don't about what former Italian president
 or the former Minister of Defence of Germany have concluded?
 Do you think it is incompetence, from the part of the journalists?
 No, friend, it is not incompetence, it is evil intent.


<code>iv.</code> Did you knew that one of the murderers of Olof Palme is a former police officer, nowadays a judge and a parlamentarian
for the Moderaterna party, and that you can write books about it and shout it out, but never get sued for it, because
it would force Judge Anti Avsan to be confronted with the two Finsish women who recognized him at the evening of the murder
at a telephone booth, saying ["Iam recognized what should I do"?](http://svenanerpalmemordet.blogspot.se/2012/12/mordaren-ar-anti-avsan.html#.VkiKsL9U79M)
A former mercenary from Yugoslavia, was approached by a CIA-officer som e weeks before the hit, trying to recruit him
to kill Palme. He and a local Stockholm politician informed the police as well as the [security police of Sweden.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNqVvpLjvCM)
You can shout it out until you're blue in the face, no newspaper will touch it, you'll never get sued, you can get killed,
but never sued in a court of law for defamation. Tried that, on community radio in Halmstad, and on the streets, with
a megaphone, also tweeting Anti Avsan publicly. Nothing will ever happen to you in matters of being dragged to court. Ha!




<code>vi. </code> Did you know that Sweden is a NATO vasall state? Is perhaps a report from a Swedish government agency, enough for you?
It concludes that Sweden does an important job as apart of the American empire. Here you go:
[get the PDF]({{ site.url }}/assets/mydoc.pdf)



<code>vii.</code> Did you know that Estonia, was [blown up from the inside?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKvX_r84dJI) Well, it on Youtube, but all it takes to divert the sheeple,
is to say that german film maker Jutta Rabe is a bad person, a conspiracy theorists, well don't be ashamed it worked on me
for many many years too:



<code>viii.</code> Did you know that Mossad agents were caught with moving trucks full of explosives on 9/11? Here you have police radio
transmissions as recorded by a [HAM-operator](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Huf2Kz7bV2k) on the day of 9/11.



<code>ix.</code> Did you know that mainstream Israeli government ministers are calling for genocide of the Palestinians, that
Israel can break any international law, with full impunity?
Read my compilation [Israel:Killing theory](https://direktdemokratihalmstad.wordpress.com/category/eget/).
Swedish, English, Austarlian, Indian and American media will never report anything about this, neither will Swedish anti-racist
organization Expo, condemn Israeli killings of civilians, because these are all owned by [Zionist Jewish tribal entities.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zw9EhjyU3JU)


<code>x.</code> Did you know that CIA, hired Israeli snipers to snuff out American soldiers in Iraq, the story told [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZUGJV_JrZg) by
american soldiers who caught Israeli snipers, who were immediately released by long-time Bush/CIA owned contractor Zapata consulting, because they wanted to air an
anti-Islam piece on CNN, hosted by CIA-agent/journalist Anderson Cooper? Everybody who has done the smallest amount of research
on him, can easily conclude that he is a paid mouthpiece.
Here is a german journalist, confessing that he took money from the CIA for submitting articles written by them, [with his name on it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGqi-k213eE),
 and he states many journalists do that.
[htt

<code>xi.</code> Did you know that Lyndon B. Johnson conspired with Israel to the attack of USS Liberty, were 34 sailors were killed many of the
massacred unarmed [in life rafts?](http://www.digitaljournal.com/news/world/jerusalem-post-confirms-israel-knew-usaliberty-was-american/article/413296) The reason was to get US involved in the 6-day war against the Arab states.
Here are the survivors telling about the [3 hour long attack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUCPCTgpMtg), and about air support that was called back with orders from the White House


<code>xii. </code> CDC the american agency Center for Disease Control, [was caught](http://www.globalresearch.ca/cdc-caught-hiding-data-showing-mercury-in-vaccines-linked-to-autism/5430305) hiding evidence linking vaccines to autism 
Do your own research, the documentation is massive, regarding coverups and human experimentation, up till today. 
A propsaol from a govenemnet agency that was rejected invilved lethal experiments on newborn babies, that were unwanted. It was rejected.
That was around 3 years ago. I have the link, but I won't do the effort to link you to it, there's no reason to do the effort,
if you still don't get it. If you are not convinced that you and your loved ones are in danger, there is nothing else I can do for you.
Go and have fun!<br>


<code> xiii.</code> The CDC have been conducting secret experiments for ages on population [without consent](http://www.rense.com/general36/history.htm)<br>
<br>

<code>xiv.</code> Read some quotes related to global governance and [depopulation](http://www.globalistagenda.org/quotes.htm)

Now, lean back, and let your highly trained Computer science brain, add up two and two.
Can you do an extrapolation of all things that I've presented to you, can you do a recursive descent into the
minimum spanning tree I've sketched up for you and re-surface juggeling with all balls in the air simultaneously, or
did you loose any parameter as you were surfacing up from the rabbit hole?
Do you see that you and  your future generations  are threatened?

Are you now ready for a crack test then? Maybe it is to early, for you...See if you have the intelligence to withstand
[this brain fuck](http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Depopulation_conspiracy_theory), at this early stage:
If you broke down, didn't get that the rationalwiki is out to screw you with so called "rationality" and with 
distorsions of history, don't feel bad, I've been there too, study points i to xiv, again, until you become immune.

Did you pass the crack test and are you a first timer? Congratulations, I wouldn't have passed, if it was the first time
I studied these matters.

if you passed, to confirm for yourself, that we have monsters around us in human shape and form,listen to a interview with the late Dr. Maurice Hilleman 
of the pharmacecutical giant Merck, where he brags about how he killed millions with contaminated vaccines.
 Notice also the excitement of the interviewer who is still active as a professor of Medical history at the University of Montreal,
 when finding out of the [one man made genocide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13QiSV_lrDQ)
 
 Now ask yourself, will you give your children a vaccine, just because some authority says its good for you?


